>> WOULD YOU GIVE ME YOUR
VIEWS?
>> IT IS AN INTERESTING LEGAL
QUESTION THAT ULTIMATELY I
ASSUME WOULD BE SOLVED IN THE
COURTS.
>> THE PRESIDENT SAID THAT HE
WOULD BE WILLING TO WORK WITH
AND COPPER MINES WITH NANCY
PELOSI.
WHAT DO YOU BELIEVE ARE THE TOP
LEGISLATIVE PRIORITIES?
>> FIRST WE HAVE TO FINISH THIS
SESSION AND WE HAVE A NUMBER OF
ITEMS EXTANT.
WE HAVE TO FINISH THE FARM BILL
AND FINISH FUNDING THE
GOVERNMENT.
THE ONE ISSUE THAT LEADER
PELOSI AND I DISCUSSED WAS
WHERE THERE COULD BE A POSSIBLE
BIPARTISAN AGREEMENT ON
INFRASTRUCTURE AND OTHER THINGS.
I AM NOT PUTTING YOU ALL DOWN,
BUT WHEN WE DO THINGS TOGETHER,
IT ALMOST NEVER MAKES ANY NEWS,
EVEN IN THIS CURRENT SITUATION
WHERE WE HAVE A REPUBLICANS IN
CONTROL OF ALL THREE BRANCHES.
I HAVE A LONG LIST HERE OF
THINGS WE DID ON A BIPARTISAN
BASIS FROM WATER INFRASTRUCTURE
, THE BEST APPROPRIATION OF
PROCESS IN 20 YEARS, AIRPORT
INFRASTRUCTURE, FDA
AUTHORIZATION, AND ON AND ON,
THERE ARE PLENTY OF THINGS WE
WORKED TOGETHER ON, AND I
ALWAYS HAVE TO TELL
CONSTITUENTS WHO THINK WE ALL
HATE EACH OTHER THAT THE SENATE
IS A PRETTY COLLEGIAL PLACE AND
EVEN THOUGH WE HAD BIG
DIFFERENCES OVER THINGS LIKE
TAXES AND JUDGES, THERE WERE
PLENTY OF OTHER THINGS WE DID
TOGETHER, AND THERE'S NO REASON
THAT WOULD STOP SIMPLY BECAUSE
THE HOUSE HE COMES DEMOCRATIC.
>> WHAT BIG ISSUES ARE THERE
WITH INFRASTRUCTURE?
>> WE WILL SEE.
THAT WILL ALL BE DISCUSSED.
>> WILL YOU INSIST ON GETTING
$5 MILLION?
>> WE WILL CERTAINLY TRY TO
HELP THE PRESIDENT ACHIEVE WHAT
HE WOULD LIKE TO DO WITH REGARD
TO THE WALL AND BORDER
SECURITY.
THAT WILL HAVE TO BE DONE ON
SOME KIND OF BIPARTISAN
DISCUSSION.
>> ANY OBSERVATIONS ON THE
CAVANAUGH EFFECT?
>> VERY HELPFUL.
I THINK THE REPUBLICAN CORE
VOTERS IN THE STATES THAT WERE
CRITICAL TO US WERE HIGHLY
OFFENDED BY THE QUESTIONING OF
THE PRESUMPTION OF INNOCENCE
AND TACTICS.
AND I THINK IT WAS LIKE AN
ADRENALINE SHOT.
WE WERE WORRIED ABOUT LACK OF
INTENSITY ON OUR SIDE, AND I
THINK THE BRETT KAVANAUGH FIGHT
PROVIDED THAT.
IT WAS EXTREMELY HELPFUL.
IT WAS NOTEWORTHY THAT THE ONE
DEMOCRAT WHO SURVIVED VOTED FOR
HIM.
>> YOU LOST THE HOUSE LAST
NIGHT, I'M WONDERING WHAT KIND
OF IMPACT YOU SEE FROM THE
RESIDENTIAL RHETORIC HAVING ON
YOUR PARTY PARTICULARLY WITH
WOMEN VOTERS AND SUBURBAN
VOTERS.
>> I WILL TRY NOT TO HAVE US
WASTE OUR TIME ON THE ROUTINE
QUESTIONS ABOUT WHAT THE
PRESIDENT MAY SAY AT ANY GIVEN
MOMENT.
BUT I AM HERE TO TALK ABOUT THE
SENATE.
WE HAD A VERY GOOD DAY.
PROUD OF WHAT HAPPENED.
THE PRESIDENT WAS VERY HELPFUL
TO US.
>> IF YOU LOOK AT THE EXIT
POLLS, ONE OF THE MOST
IMPORTANT ISSUES WAS
HEALTHCARE, DID YOU TAKE AWAY
FROM THAT THE MESSAGE THAT ANY
EFFORT TO REPEAL ACA AT THIS
POINT WAS DEAD?
>> I THINK IT IS PRETTY OBVIOUS
A DEMOCRATIC HOUSE IS NOT GOING
TO BE INTERESTED IN THAT.
THERE ARE SERIOUS PROBLEMS WITH
OBAMACARE THAT NEED TO GET
FIXED.
THEY RAISED A PHONY ISSUE OF
WHETHER OR NOT WE WERE FOR OR
AGAINST PRE-EXISTING CONDITIONS
AND IT MAY HAVE WORKED IN SOME
PLACES, BUT FORTUNATELY IN OUR
RACES, EVEN THOUGH THEY TRIED
TO DEFINE HEALTHCARE ON THAT
ISSUE, I THINK ALL OF OUR
CANDIDATES WHO SUBSEQUENTLY WON
WERE ABLE TO MAKE CLEAR THAT
EVERYBODY WE KNEW WAS IN FAVOR
OF COVERING PRE-EXISTING
CONDITIONS LIKE THE CANDIDATES
INCLUDED.
THE RHETORIC DOESN'T SOLVE THE
PROBLEM.
THERE ARE SERIOUS PROBLEMS OF
OBAMACARE.
WE WILL HAVE TO NOW ADDRESS THAT
ON A BIPARTISAN BASIS.
>> BOTH NANCY PELOSI AND THE
PRESIDENT TALKED ABOUT FINDING
PRESCRIPTION DRUG PRICES, DO
YOU THINK THAT'S SOMETHING THE
SENATE COULD WORK WITH HER ON?
>> I CAN IMAGINE THAT IT
WOULDN'T BE ON THE AGENDA.
>> IS THERE ANYTHING THAT THE
SENATE RULE BEGINS COULD OR
WOULD DO TO -- THAT THE SENATE
REPUBLICANS COULD OR WOULD DO
TO SEE HIS TAX RETURNS.
WHAT WOULD SENATE REPUBLICANS
DO IN THE EVENT THAT THE HOUSE
DEMOCRATS TRY TO OBTAIN
PRESIDENT TRUMP'S TAX RECORDS?
>> THE ENTIRE ISSUE OF
PRESIDENTIAL HARASSMENT IS
INTERESTING.
I REMEMBER WHEN WE TRIED IT IN
THE LATE 90s.
WE IMPEACHED PRESIDENT CLINTON
AND HIS NUMBERS WENT UP AND
HOURS WENT DOWN AND WE
UNDERPERFORMED IN THE NEXT
ELECTION.
THE DEMOCRATS IN THE HOUSE WILL
HAVE TO DECIDE JUST HOW MUCH
PRESIDENTIAL HARASSMENT THEY
THINK IS GOOD STRATEGY.
I'M NOT SO SURE IT WILL WORK
FOR THEM.
>> JUST TO GO BACK TO THAT, ARE
YOU RECOMMENDING THAT FOR HOUSE
DEMOCRATS THAT THE OVERSIGHT
THEY SAID THAT THEY WILL DO
MIGHT BACKFIRE?
ARE YOU SAYING
>> ARE NOT, THEY ARE INTERESTED
IN MY RECOMMENDATIONS, I'M
MAKING AN HISTORICAL
OBSERVATION.
THE BUSINESS OF RESIDENTIAL
HARASSMENT WHICH WE WERE DEEPLY
ENGAGED IN IN THE LATE 90s
IMPROVED THE APPROVAL RATING.
THUS MY OBSERVATION, IT MIGHT
NOT BE A SMART STRATEGY, BUT
IT'S UP FOR THEM TO DECIDE HOW
THEY WANT TO HANDLE IT.
>> IS THERE ANYTHING YOU WILL
BE DOING IN THE COMING MONTHS TO
INCREASE THE NUMBER OF WOMEN
WHO ARE BEING RECRUITED ON THE
REPUBLICAN SIDE TO RUN FOR
OFFICE?
>> IT HAS BEEN A FRUSTRATION.
I THINK I'VE MENTIONED TO YOU
BEFORE.
WE'VE HAD PLENTY OF WOMEN
CANDIDATES, AND SOME OF THEM
WON.
WE ARE HOPING THAT Mc SALLY
WILL WIN.
I WILL BE TRYING TO CONVINCE
ONE OF OUR WOMEN TO GO ON THE
JUDICIARY COMMITTEE, SOMETHING
I'VE TRIED AND FAILED THE LAST
COUPLE CONGRESSES.
WE NEED TO DO A BETTER JOB OF
RECRUITING WOMEN CANDIDATES AND
GETTING THEM ELECTED.
HOPEFULLY, WE WILL HAVE TWO NEW
WOMEN REPUBLICAN SENATORS HERE
SHORTLY.
>> TALK ABOUT THE HOUSE
OVERSIGHT, THE PRESIDENT
TWEETED THIS MORNING SAYING THAT
IF THE HOUSE CONTINUES WITH
THEIR INVESTIGATIONS, WE WOULD
LIKEWISE BE FORCED TO CONSIDER
INVESTIGATING THEM FOR ALL THE
LEAKS OF CLASSIFIED INFORMATION
AND MUCH ELSE AT THE SENATE
LEVEL.
TWO CAN PLAY AT THAT GAME, CAN
YOU RESPOND TO THAT?
>> I WOULD LIKE TO FOCUS ON
FINISHING UP THIS SESSION.
WE HAVE MORE TO DO AND WE WILL
SEE WHAT HAPPENS NEXT YEAR.
>> HAVE YOU HAD DISCUSSIONS
WITH THE PRESIDENT ABOUT THAT?
>> ON THIS SESSION, CAN YOU
RULE OUT A GOVERNMENT SHUTDOWN?
>> HOPEFULLY, LOOK, WE NEED TO
WORK THIS OUT.
WE HAD THE MOST SUCCESSFUL
APPROPRIATIONS PROCESS IN 20
YEARS.
75% GOT FUNDED BEFORE THE END
OF SEPTEMBER.
WE ALL KNOW THAT WE NEED TO
WORK TOGETHER TOWARD THE END TO
FINISH THAT UP.
AND WE WILL DO THE BEST WE CAN
TO TRY TO ACHIEVE THE
PRESIDENTIAL PRIORITIES AND
HOPEFULLY WE WILL NOT BE
HEADING DOWN THAT PATH.
>> WHAT YOU THINK OF DOING A
DACA FIX?
>> OH, MY GOODNESS.
I CAN'T IMAGINE WITH ALL OF THE
THINGS THAT WE HAVE TO DO TO
WRAP UP THIS CONGRESS THAT WE
WOULD REVISIT IMMIGRATION, BUT
WHO KNOWS?
>> WHAT ABOUT NEXT YEAR?
>> THAT IS ON THE AGENDA EVERY
YEAR, BECAUSE WE HAVE SERIOUS
IMMIGRATION ISSUES.
I WOULD REMIND ALL OF YOU THAT
THE DEMOCRATS HAD TOTAL CONTROL
OF THE GOVERNMENT AND 2009 AND
2010 AND NEVER DEALT WITH THE
IMMIGRAION ISSUE.
IT SEEMS LIKE NO MATTER WHO IS
UP OR DOWN, WE HAVE NOT BEEN
ABLE TO COME TO SOME KIND OF
CONCLUSION ABOUT WHAT TO DO ON
IMMIGRATION.
THE ONE THING I THOUGHT WE
AGREED ON WAS BORDER SECURITY.
MOST DEMOCRATS VOTED FOR IT 10
YEARS AGO BUT WE'VE HAD A
CHALLENGE ON THAT AS WELL AS
EVIDENCED BY THE PRESIDENTIAL
DESIRE TO BUILD A WALL AND THE
RELUCTANCE ON THE OTHER SIDE TO
SUPPORT IT.
SO I CAN'T IMAGINE WE WILL DO
ANYTHING BEYOND TRYING TO DEAL
WITH THIS FUNDING ISSUE ON THE
WALL AT THE END OF THE SESSION.
>> JUST A FOLLOW-UP, THE
PRESIDENT MADE A REAL ISSUE
ABOUT THE MIGRANT CARAVAN
CRISIS THAT IS CAUSING CONCERNS.
CAN YOU AGREE WITH THE
CHARACTER RACE AND THE
PRESIDENT USED ON THIS MIGRANT
CARAVAN COMING?
>> THAT IS AN EXECUTIVE BRANCH
ISSUE ABOUT HOW TO DEPLOY
SECURITY FORCES TO DEAL WITH
THAT.
IT IS UP -- HE DOES IT IS NOT A
LEGISLATIVE ISSUE, IT IS A
QUESTION OF HOW YOU WANT TO
DEAL WITH SECURITY AT THE
BORDER.
. THE PRESIDENT HAS WIDE
LATITUDE TO DO THAT, AND HE
TAKES ADVANTAGE OF THE
OPPORTUNITY HE HAS.
>> DEMOCRATS ENGAGE IN
AGGRESSIVE OVERSIGHT OF THE
TRUMPET DEMONSTRATION, --
>> I'M HAVING A HARD TIME
HEARING YOU.
>> IF DEMOCRATS ENGAGE IN THE
HOUSE IN AGGRESSIVE OVERSIGHT
OF THE TRUMPET MINISTRIES,
WOULD THAT IMPEDE YOUR ABILITY
TO WORK WITH A POSSIBLE SPEAKER
NANCY PELOSI?
>> I DON'T THINK SO.
>> IF THE JUDGE IN TEXAS RULES
TO STRIKE DOWN OBAMACARE, --
>> THE HEALTHCARE SYSTEM IS
STILL A PRETTY BIG MESS.
IT IS OBVIOUSLY NO GOING TO
HAVE TO BE ADDRESSED ON A
BIPARTISAN BASIS.
I DON'T THINK ANYONE IS
SATISFIED WITH THE STATUS QUO.
THE AMERICAN PEOPLE HAVE GIVEN
US DIVIDED GOVERNMENT WHICH
THEY'VE GIVEN US MOST OF THE
TIME SINCE WORLD WAR II.
I THINK THE MESSAGES, FIGURE
OUT WHAT YOU CAN DO TOGETHER
AND DO IT, BECAUSE I THINK
HEALTHCARE IS STILL A CRISIS
AND NEEDS TO BE FIXED.
>> IF HOUSE DEMOCRATS PUSH TO
EXPAND THE RUSSIA PROBE, DO YOU
THINK THIS IS AN ATTEMPT TO
UNDERMINE THE PRESIDENT AND CAN
THEY GET OUT AHEAD OF THE
SPECIAL COUNSEL?
>> THE SENATE INTELLIGENCE
COMMITTEE HAS BEEN LOOKING AT
THE ISSUE.
WE EXPECT THEM TO REPORT AT
SOME POINT IN THE FUTURE.
I LOOK FORWARD, SO FAR THEY'VE
OPERATED ON A PRETTY BIPARTISAN
BASIS. I LOOK FORWARD TO
HEARING WHAT THEY HAVE TO SAY.
>> HAVE YOU SPOKEN TO GOVERNOR
SCOTT OR Mc SALLY ABOUT THE
RACE, AND HOW DO YOU FEEL ABOUT
THEIR SAFETY?
>> GOVERNOR SCOTT AND I TRADED
CALLS LAST NIGHT.
I WILL BE TALKING TO HIM
SHORTLY.
I'VE NOT SPOKEN TO MARTHA
McSALLY, ALTHOUGH WE TRADED
CALLS.
THEY WERE PRETTY LATE AT NIGHT.
I DECIDED TO GO TO BED AND TALK
TO HER THIS MORNING.
>> IF YOU'RE GOING TO HAVE AN
EXTRA CUSHION IN THE SENATE,
WHAT WILL THAT ENABLE YOU TO
DO?
USE JUDICIAL NOMINATIONS?
>> YOU KNOW WHAT MY TOP
PRIORITY IS.
I MADE IT VERY CLEAR.
IT'S THE TWO SUPREME COURT
APPOINTMENTS IN 29, THE CIRCUIT
JUDGES, 84, THE OVERALL NUMBER
OF JUDGES AND WE ARE NOT
THROUGH DOING THOSE THIS YEAR.
>> THE PRESIDENT HAS DONE AN
EXCELLENT JOB IN FLICKING YOUNG
MEN AND WOMEN WHO BELIEVE THE
JOB OF THE JUDGES TO FOLLOW THE
LAW.
AND WE INTEND TO KEEP
CONFIRMING AS MANY AS WE
POSSIBLY CAN FOR AS LONG AS WE
ARE IN A POSITION TO DO IT.
IT WILL STILL BE MY TOP
PRIORITY IN SETTING THE AGENDA
HERE IN THE SENATE, NEXT
CONGRESS AS WELL.
>> WILL YOU REVISIT YOUR MARKS
IN THE NEW CONGRESS AND THE
COMMENTS ABOUT ENTITLEMENTS,
THE ENTITLEMENT OPTION?
>> THE DEMOCRATS MADE IT CLEAR
THAT THEY ARE NOT INTERESTED IN
DEALING WITH ENTITLEMENTS.
THEY ARE IN A POSITION TO SAY
NO.
I DON'T THINK THAT WILL BE ON
THE AGENDA.
I HADN'T REALLY THOUGHT ABOUT
THAT, WE HAVE A CONFERENCE RULE
RELATED TO EARMARKS ON THE
SENATE SIDE, I CAN'T IMAGINE
THAT WOULD CHANGE.
>> WILL THE 10% MIDDLE-CLASS
TAX CUT BE ON THE AGENDA?
>> ANY EFFORT ON THE TAX SIDE
WOULD CLEARLY HAVE TO BE
NEGOTIATED ON A BIPARTISAN
BASIS.
AND WE WILL JUST HAVE TO SEE, I
ASSUME NANCY WILL BE THE
SPEAKER, BUT WHAT THEY WANT TO
DO IN THIS AREA.
WE HAVE TO DO IT TOGETHER.
WE WOULDN'T HAVE THE
POSSIBILITY OF DOING IT ON A
PARTYLINE BASIS LIKE WE DID IN
THIS CONGRESS.
>> ON SOME OF THE CHANGES IN
THE CABINET THAT ARE EXPECTED,
CAN YOU GIVE YOUR VIEW OF WHAT
THE CONFIRMATION BATTLE GROUND
MIGHT LOOK LIKE?
ARE YOU CONFIDENT THAT YOU
COULD, IF THERE WAS A VACANCY,
LET'S SAY AT THE DEPARTMENT OF
JUSTICE, COULD YOU EASILY DO
THAT?
WOULD IT EAT UP VALUABLE TIME?
>> I THINK WE WILL HAVE BUBBLY
MORE TIME FOR NOMINATIONS IN
THE NEXT CONGRESS THAN WE'VE
HAD IN THIS ONE, BECAUSE THE
AREAS OF LEGISLATIVE AGREEMENT
WILL BE MORE LIMITED. I THINK
OBVIOUSLY BETWEEN THE
DEMOCRATIC HOUSE AND REPUBLICAN
SENATE.
I DON'T THINK WE WILL HAVE
TROUBLE FINDING TIME TO DO
NOMINATIONS.
HOW CONTROVERSIAL THEY ARE
DEPENDS ON WHO IT IS.
THE PRESIDENT MAKES THOSE
DECISIONS AND WE HAVE TO REACT
TO IT.
BUT HE SIGNALED THAT THERE IS
LIKELY TO BE A NUMBER OF
CHANGES AND WE WILL PROCESS
THEM.
IT IS NOT UP TO ME TO TELL THE
PRESIDENT WHO TO PUT IN THE
CABINET.
THEY SERVE AT HIS PLEASURE AND
IF HE MAKES CHANGES, WE WILL
DEAL WITH WHOEVER IS SET UP.
>> THE PRESIDENTIAL ELECTIONS,
THEY WILL PROBABLY ANNOUNCE OR
TEST THE WATERS THE NEXT COUPLE
MONTHS.
>> REALLY?
>> WHAT EFFECT NOW WILL THIS
HAVE ON THE PRESIDENTIAL
REELECTION?
>> IT WILL BE FUN TO WATCH THE
DEMOCRATIC PRESIDENTIAL
ASPIRANTS OF WHICH WE HAVE A
NUMBER.
THERE MAY BE SOME ATTENDANCE
PROBLEMS FROM TIME TO TIME, BUT
IT WILL BE INTERESTING TO WATCH.
>> ARE YOU CONFIDENT THAT
PRESIDENT TRUMP WILL SUPPORT
YOUR REELECTION?
>> I WOULDN'T BE SURPRISED.
ANYMORE?
THANK YOU VERY MUCH, EVERYBODY.
>>> SO THAT WAS THE SENATE
MAJORITY LEADER MITCH McCONNELL
WITH A BIG SMILE ON HIS FACE.
HE IS REALLY HAPPY ABOUT THE
RESULTS OF LAST NIGHT.
THEY PICKED UP A COUPLE SEATS
IN THE SENATE.
CHIP REED IS OVER THERE AND WE
WILL TALK ABOUT WHAT THE
SPEAKER HAD TO SAY.
BUT HE WAS ASKED A COUPLE
QUESTIONS THAT HE REALLY DIDN'T
WANT TO ANSWER INCLUDING SOME
OF THE LANGUAGE PRESENT HAS
USED WHEN IT COMES TO THE
CARAVAN AND USING TROOPS AT THE
BORDER.
THE BIRTHRIGHT CITIZENSHIP THAT
HE TOSSED AROUND AS IF HE COULD
GET RID OF IT WITH EXECUTIVE
ORDER.
LEADER McCONNELL SAID THOSE ARE
EXECUTIVE BRANCH DECISIONS AND
HAS NOTHING TO DO WITH US.
>> HE WAS ASKED SEVERAL TIMES
ABOUT INCREASING DEMOCRATIC
OVERSIGHT OF THE PRESIDENT.
THE PHRASE HE USED WAS
PRESIDENTIAL HARASSMENT.
WE HAVE TO TALK TO CHIP ABOUT
THAT.
>> YOU CAN ALREADY SEE THE WAY
THE POLITICIANS, THIS IS ALL HOW
POLITICIANS SPEAK.
THAT WILL BE THE HASHTAG FOR
THE SENATE AND REPUBLICANS
WHICH IS PRESIDENTIAL
HARASSMENT.
HE POINTS OUT THAT HIS PARTY
AND SPEAKER McCONNELL ENGAGED
IN SPEAKER -- PRESIDENTIAL
HARASSMENT DURING THE CLINTON
ERA BUT NOT DURING BARACK OBAMA
'S PRESIDENCY, BUT HE SAID IT
IS NOT A GOOD THING BECAUSE
GENERALLY IT LEADS TO A DUMPING
AT THE POLLS, HIS PHRASE WAS
PRESIDENTIAL HARASSMENT AND THE
OTHER PHRASE IS OVERSIGHTAND
ACCOUNTABILITY.
FOR HIM, THE PRIORITY WAS THE
JUDICIARY.
GETTING MORE JUDGES ON THE
BENCH, AND THAT IS REALLY WHAT
THE SENATE WILL BE FOCUSIN ON,
MOVING FORWARD.
>> WE WILL TALK TO CHIP REED
ABOUT THIS.
THE OTHER THING IS WHETHER OR
NOT HE WILL BE ABLE TO WORK
WITH, IF IT TURNS OUT TO BE
NANCY PELOSI, ELECTED THE HOUSE
SPEAKER, AND KEEPING AN OPEN
MIND, LET'S NOT FORGET, ONE OF
THE THINGS WE REMARKED UPON
WHEN WE WATCH THE CAVANAUGH --
BRETT KAVANAUGH HEARINGS, SOME
OF THESE PEOPLE HAVE SEEN
PRESIDENTIAL ADMINISTRATIONS
COME AND GO, THEY'VE SEEN
BATTLES AROUND IMMIGRATION AND
INFRASTRUCTURE AND HEALTHCARE
COMING AND GOING, BUT THEY MAY
NOT SEE EYE TO EYE ON HEALTHCARE
. HE SAID THERE WERE REAL
PROBLEMS WITH THE AFFORDABLE
CARE ACT, BUT THEY SEEM TO BE
OPEN TO WORKING TO FIX IT AS
OPPOSED TO OUTRIGHT REPEALING
IT WHICH IS WHAT THEY RAN ON
DURING THE OBAMA
ADMINISTRATION.
AND YESTERDAY, LINDSEY GRAHAM
SAID, YOU KNOW, EVERYBODY KNOWS
THAT BOTH SIDES OF THE AISLE
HAVE BEEN LOOKING FOR
COMPROMISE ON IMMIGRATION
REFORM.
THAT IS PERHAPS SOMETHING THAT
HE WILL BE ABLE TO WORK ON WITH
THE DEMOCRATS WHO ARE NOW IN
CONTROL OF THE HOUSE.
>> BOTH SIDES AGREE THAT
SOMETHING NEEDS TO BE DONE
ABOUT THE IMMIGRATION SYSTEM.
INFRASTRUCTURE HAS ALWAYS BEEN
A SAFE AREA FOR BOTH PARTIES.
THE JUDICIAL, I'M SORRY, THE
CRIMINAL JUSTICE SYSTEM IS AN
AREA IN WHICH BOTH PARTIES
AGREED THAT THERE NEEDS TO BE
TWEAKS AND CHANGES.
THERE IS A STARTING POINT FOR A
CONVERSATION.
WHAT MITCH McCONNELL ALSO SAID,
BECAUSE HE WAS ASKED DIRECTLY,
LET'S SAY THE HOUSE DECIDES
THEY WANT TO HARASS THE
PRESIDENT OR BE MORE AGGRESSIVE
IN TERMS OF OVERSIGHT, WOULD
THAT MAKE IT DIFFICULT FOR YOU
TO WORK WITH NANCY PELOSI
SHOULD SHE BECOME SPEAKER OF
THE HOUSE?
HE SAID NO.
>> ONE OF THE OTHER THINGS WE
HEARD, HE IS HEDGING HIS BETS.
THE ONE THING, THERE IS A
COMPROMISE THAT WILL HAPPEN,
THE SENATE BEING CONTROLLED BY
DEMOCRATS WOULD MEAN, ANYTHING
THAT THE PRESIDENT WANTS TO DO
IN TERMS OF SETTING UP HIS
GOVERNMENT IS GOING TO HAVE, HE
WILL N